Add rule docs for 8.2 rule changes (#1863)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/rule-details/linux-restricted-shell-breakout-via-c89-c99-shell-evasion.asciidoc

[[linux-restricted-shell-breakout-via-c89-c99-shell-evasion]]
=== Linux Restricted Shell Breakout via c89/c99 Shell evasion

> Identifies Linux binary c89/c99 abuse to break out from restricted environments by spawning an interactive system shell.The c89/c99 utility is an interface to the standard C compilation system and the activity of spawing a shell is not a standard use of this binary by a user or system administrator. It indicates a potentially malicious actor attempting to improve the capabilities or stability of their access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies abuse of the Linux binary c89/c99 to break out from a restricted environment by spawning an interactive system shell. The c89/c99 utility is an interface to the standard C compilation system and the activity of spawning a shell is not a standard use of this binary by a user or system administrator. It indicates a potentially malicious actor attempting to improve the capabilities or stability of their access.
```
